# -ACF5904-Group-Assignment-
 ACF5904 Group Assignment 
Individual Reflection ASSESSMENT TASK: Group Assignment WEIGHTING: 5% COMPLETION: Individual GENERATIVE AI: Generative AI tools cannot be used in this assessment task. In this assessment, you must not use generative artificial intelligence (AI) to generate any materials or content in relation to the assessment task. DUE DATE: 11:55pm, Friday 11 October, 2024 OVERVIEW This assignment is designed to reinforce the following skills and areas of knowledge:  Setting and working towards goals  Managing a project  Coordinating group activities  Creating a record of progress on a task  Reflecting on what you learned in the group project MAPPING ASSESSMENT TASK TO COURSE OBJECTIVES: Objective                                                                            Included                     How Apply critical thinking and problem solving to activities dealing with accounting information systems. YES  Requires critical assessment of group effectiveness.  Requires reflection on the attainment of group goals.  Requires reflection on challenges encountered and solutions employed Table 1: Group Assignment Reflection and Course Objectives TASK DESCRIPTION During the group assignment you will be involved in group goal setting, group project work, delegation of responsibility, shared problem solving, and negotiation. This component of the group assignment requires you to individually reflect on how well your assignment group functioned in completing the assignment task. This task is based on two components:  Logs of work performed by you when working individually and with other group members.  Reflection on the completed project and the functioning of your group Keeping a written record of work performed, challenges encountered, discussions with colleagues, and reflecting on actions and their degree of success is a key part of any professional life. Accountants and auditors, for example, frequently must account for their time and engage in reflection on how they have performed and how things could have been done differently. We saw examples of this when we discussed project management. The aim of this task is to encourage you to engage in this process of documentation and reflection. Creating a record of what happened does not require that everything runs perfectly and there are no issues. Rather, the best opportunity for reflection and development comes from recording the challenges, difficulties, and things that did not work as expected and using these as a basis for reflecting on how you could have handled things differently to generate a different outcome or how others could learn and potentially avoid similar issues and challenges. CREATING THE WORK LOG: By engaging you in the process of recording your group’s progress on the group assignment and reflecting on how your group functioned, this task helps develop key skills of record keeping and reflection, while also encouraging both peer and self-evaluation. This task is to be completed INDIVIDUALLY – 代 写ACF5904 Group Assignment - Individual ReflectionSQL 代做程序编程语言it is YOUR record of how the project progressed and YOUR reflection on how the group functioned. There is no minimum number of journal entries that need to be completed. Rather, you should keep a record of how you and the group progress. The template page for the work log can be copied and new pages added if needed. Work log entries do NOT have to be extensive essays. Dot points of the key issues / tasks etc are fine. They are a record of what was done, not a verbatim transcript. of everything that was said during the meeting. However, there should be enough detail to outline key tasks and responsibility allocation. COMPLETING FEEDBACK FRUITS: Once your group has submitted the assignment you need to complete a peer evaluation of your group members in Feedback Fruits. This is worth 2% and will allow you to self-assess and assess your group members on the following dimensions:  Contributing to the team’s work o Helping the team achieve its goals or objectives by completing the assigned tasks. Your behaviors influence the quality and quantity of your contribution to the team.  Interacting with teammates o Providing positive interactions within the team that contribute to a supportive environment. Talking during a meeting is an important interaction but it’s important to consider how and when you say things and when you should stop talking and listen to others.  Keeping the team on track o Involves efforts to progress toward achieving the team’s goals.  Expecting Quality o Expecting quality focuses on expressing the beliefs that the team is capable of quality work and encouraging the team to strive for quality.  Having relevant knowledge, skills and abilities o Knowledge skills and abilities means knowing what you need to know, knowing how to do what you need to do, and having the capabilities you need to do the work of the team. Effective team members need to have or learn the necessary knowledge, skills and abilities for their assigned tasks and should be prepared to perform. other roles if needed. You may want to keep these in mind when you are planning your project and the tasks, conduct of group meetings, and general project progress. The Feedback Fruits Evaluation must be completed by 11:55pm on Friday 11 October 2024. MARK ALLOCATIONS: Component                             Marks Reflection and Work Log              3 Feedback Fruits                          2 TOTAL MARKS                            5 CRITERIA FOR MARKING Component                             Criteria Reflection (2 marks)                 Evidence of reflection on the group project experience and development of AIS knowledge  Using examples from the work log as a basis for reflection Work Log (1 mark)                   Complete set of work logs for group assignment  Evidence of reflection on progress and issues faces.  Evidence of individual and group coordination  At least three entries provided Feedback Fruits (2 marks)         Peer assessment completed

Codinghelp Email:  📧 devlinfeng25@gmail.com
